README.md, before:


Create a `cookbook` for `streaming-config`

```
knife cookbook create streaming-config -o cookbooks
```

```
ll cookbooks/streaming-config/
total 12
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  442 Dec  8 01:30 ./
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 ../
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 attributes/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  463 Dec  8 01:30 CHANGELOG.md*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 definitions/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 files/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 libraries/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  296 Dec  8 01:30 metadata.rb*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 providers/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf 1525 Dec  8 01:30 README.md*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 recipes/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 resources/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 templates/

```
create a config template, which can be created based on staging or prod environment

```
$ chef generate template cookbooks/streaming-config streaming.conf
Recipe: code_generator::template
  * directory[cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/default] action create
    - create new directory cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/default
  * template[cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb] action create
    - create new file cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb
    - update content in file cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb from none to e3b0c4
    (diff output suppressed by config)
```
add config template to `streaming.conf.erb`

```
pipeline.source=<%= node[:streaming][:sources] %>
pipeline.channel=<%= node[:streaming[:channels] %>
pipeline.sink=<%= node[:streaming][:sinks]%>
```

Then, I will use that config template in my CHEF recipe file.(`recipe/default.rb`)

```
template '/etc/streaming.conf' do
  source 'streaming.conf.erb'
end
```

Then, att attributes to be used by the template

```
  1 default['streaming']['sources']= 'source_1'                                                                                                    2 default['streaming']['channels']= 'channel_1'                                                       
  3 default['streaming']['sinks']= 'sink_1'
```


Finally, I will run the default.rb recipe,

```
sudo chef-client --local-mode --runlist 'recipe[streaming-config]'
```

DONE !!! COOKED !!! 
See config at `/etc/streaming.conf`

Commit message:

add environment based config generation from templates

README.md, after:


Create a `cookbook` for `streaming-config`

```
knife cookbook create streaming-config -o cookbooks
```

I can see templates, attributes and then recipes.

Templates are configs for my app, attributes define the variables to be used by the template
based on whether its prod or staging.

And, recipe will tell where to keep the config generated based on which template.

```
ll cookbooks/streaming-config/
total 12
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  442 Dec  8 01:30 ./
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 ../
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 attributes/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  463 Dec  8 01:30 CHANGELOG.md*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 definitions/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 files/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 libraries/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  296 Dec  8 01:30 metadata.rb*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 providers/
-rwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf 1525 Dec  8 01:30 README.md*
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 recipes/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf   68 Dec  8 01:30 resources/
drwxrwx--- 1 root vboxsf  102 Dec  8 01:30 templates/

```
create a config template, which can be created based on staging or prod environment

```
$ chef generate template cookbooks/streaming-config streaming.conf
Recipe: code_generator::template
  * directory[cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/default] action create
    - create new directory cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/default
  * template[cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb] action create
    - create new file cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb
    - update content in file cookbooks/streaming-config/templates/streaming.conf.erb from none to e3b0c4
    (diff output suppressed by config)
```
add config template to `streaming.conf.erb`

```
pipeline.sources=<%= node[:streaming][:prod][:sources] %>
pipeline.channels=<%= node[:streaming[:prod][:channels] %>
pipeline.sinks=<%= node[:streaming][:prod][:sinks]%>
```

Then, I will use that config template in my CHEF recipe file.(`recipe/default.rb`)

```
template '/etc/streaming.conf' do
  source 'streaming.conf.erb'
end
```

Then, att attributes to be used by the template

```
default['streaming']['prod']['sources']= 'source_1'                                                                                                    
default['streaming']['prod']['channels']= 'channel_1' 
default['streaming']['prod']['sinks']= 'sink_1'
```


Finally, I will run the `default.rb` recipe,

```
sudo chef-client --local-mode --runlist 'recipe[streaming-config]'
```

DONE !!! COOKED !!!
 
See config at `/etc/streaming.conf`
